developing_collections.rst: add collection creator path (#775)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections.rst

You can create a collection and publish it to `Ansible Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com>`_ or to a private Automation Hub instance. You can publish certified collections to the Red Hat Automation Hub, part of the Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform.

> Examine the :ref:`developing_collections_path` for consistent process understanding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examine the :ref:`developing_collections_path` to understand how to go from creating a collection to having it included in the Ansible package distribution.
```
